# log

This collection of scripts is designed to allow for the keeping of flat-file
journals/logs, with date and time information.

## Files

* log.pl - adds entries to the file
* clog.pl - outputs the file to the terminal
* editlog.pl - opens the file in your editor
* switch_last_2_lines.pl - does exactly what the name says
* tag.pl - manages hashtags for log files
* Log.pm - the class containing variables and options, used by all the scripts
* IDB.pm - a couple of helper functions

## Requirements

* Perl 5 or 6
* Modern::Perl module
* Date::Calc module
* Pod::Usage module
* Text::Wrap module

## Installation

Place the script (.pl) files in a directory in your $PATH, and copy the library
(.pm) files in your system perl library directory, or use the included Makefile
by running

    sudo make install

## Data

Files are stored the directory you specify in the config file, in
subdirectories following the pattern YYYY/MM/DD.  These directories are created
automatically as needed.

Each entry begins with the time in HH:MM format, though there are options to
turn this off for each entry.

To allow for more fine-grained entries, the config file can specify additional
file extensions, so you can have multiple files in the same directory for any
given date.

For further information, see the documentation in log.pl by running

    log.pl -h

## Author

Written by Ian D. Brunton

## Reporting Bugs

Report bugs to iandbrunton at gmail.com

## Copyright

Copyright 2011--2015 Ian D. Brunton.

Log is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Log is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Log.  If not, see [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).
